Add pending documentation (#19)
monde-sistemas/xml_data_extractor: README.md

    <booking_date>2020-01-02</booking_date>
  </booking>
  <hotel>
    <booking_id>1</booking_id>
    <accomodation>Standard</accomodation>
  </hotel>
  <hotel>
    <booking_id>2</booking_id>
    <accomodation>Premium</accomodation>
  </hotel>
</xml>
```
```ruby
{
  bookings: [
    {
      date: "2020-01-01",
      document: "1"
      products: [
        { accomodation: "Standard" }
      ]
    },
    {
      date: "2020-01-02",
      document: "2"
      products: [
        { accomodation: "Premium" }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

In this example if I didn't use the `link` to get only the hotel of each booking, it would have returned two accomodations for each booking and instead of extract a string with the accomodation it would extract an array with all the accomodations for each booking.

You can combine the `link` with `array_of` if you want search for a list of elements filtering by some field, just provide the `path` and the `link`:

```yml
schemas:
  bookings:
    array_of: booking
    date: date
    document: id
    products:
      array_of:
        path: ../products[booking_id=<link>]
        link: id
      ....
```

### uniq_by

Can only be used with **array_of**.

> Has a similar behavior like Ruby **uniq** method on arrays, do you provide a path to the `uniq_by` tag and then we will keep only on the array_of the paths that have a diferrent values in the path provided on the tag `uniq_by`, if the value of the path provided in the tag `uniq_by` is equal in more than one path, we will keep the first path and the remaining paths will be ignored. This functionality is useful when some node in the XML is duplicated and it is only necessary to obtain the info from one of the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is useful when some XML nodes are duplicated and you want to extract data from the first occurrence only. It has a behavior similar to Ruby **uniq** method on arrays.
For each path generated from `array_of`, the value fetched using `uniq_by` will be checked against the generated collection and the path will be discarded if the value already exists.
```

```yml
schemas:
  bookings:
    array_of:
      path: booking
      uniq_by: id
    date: bdate
    document: id
```
```xml
<xml>
  <booking>
    <id>1</id>
    <bdate>2020-01-01</bdate>
  </booking>
  <booking>
    <id>1</id>
    <bdate>2020-01-01</bdate>
  </booking>
</xml>
```
```ruby
{
  bookings: [
    {
      date: "2020-01-01",
      document: "1"
    }
  ]
}
```

In this example if we don't use the tag `uniq_by` there would be extracted two elements with the same data, like:

```ruby
{
  bookings: [
    {
      date: "2020-01-01",
      document: "1"
    },
    {
      date: "2020-01-01",
      document: "1"
    }
  ]
}
```

> ### array_presence: first_only

Reviewer: for future improvements, I believe this could be changed to `first_only: true`

Author: Yes, it's on my radar. As soon as I start working on #2 I will make the change

{
  bookings: [
    {
      passengers: [
        { 
          id: "109.111.019-79",
          name: "Marcelo Lauxen",
          tax_rav: 150.00 
        },
        { 
          id: "110.155.019-78",
          name: "Corona Virus"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

In this example the field `tax_rav` was only included on the first passenger because this field has the `array_presence: first_only` property.

### in_parent

This option allows you to navigate to a parent node of the current node.

```yml
passengers:
  array_of: bookings/booking/passengers/passenger
  id:
    path: document
    modifier: to_s
  bookings_id:
    in_parent: bookings
    path: id
```
```xml
<bookings>
  <bookings_id>8888</bookings_id>
  <booking>
    <passengers>
      <passenger>
        <document>109.111.019-79</document>
      </passenger>
      <passenger>
        <document>110.155.019-78</document>
      </passenger>
    </passengers>
  </booking>
</bookings>
```
```ruby
{
  bookings: [
    {
      passengers: [
        { 
          id: "109.111.019-79",
          bookings_id: 8888
        },
        { 
          id: "110.155.019-78",
          bookings_id: 8888
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

> In this example the value of `bookings_id` will be extracted starting at the node provided in `in_parent` instead of the current node. It's possible to navigate to a parent node with `../` too (xpath provides this functionality), but with `in_parent` you just need to provide the name of the parent node, it doesn't matters if the parent node is the parent of the current node or if it's the parent of the parent of the current node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the value of `bookings_id` will be extracted starting at the node provided in `in_parent` instead of the current node. It's possible to navigate to a parent node with `../` too (xpath provides this functionality), but using `in_parent` you just need to provide the name of the parent node, it will navigate up until the parent node is found, no matter how many levels.
```
